our new plate gt the 125 EHEC is a real board sessions
Device for finest cutting work and smallest material corrections
Softwoods Guinea metals or steel can also be used for this purpose
Plastic cork rubber and many other materials edit
and the highly accurate with rule platform speeds of 52 to 800 meters
per minute at a speed of 1051 to 3600 revolutions per minute
corresponds to
a carefully booked or creeps Heller with ball-bearing direct drive
and a free bank led DC motor guarantee
excellent running smoothness highest peak to us poverty precise run around and
lowest wear
with a larger Zedi 52 g he sneaks Heller with a Sigrun foil
coated
those who work many different grits and accordingly
on the meat slices want to swap this in no time
to appreciate
simply remove the no longer needed Schalke
give up the new Verkic
The device even offers maximum flexibility in the choice of fixing
possibilities
the TG 125g can be removed from normal position as well as upright with
grinds to operate
To do so, it can certainly force in both positions with the enclosed team
be fixed
The desk is made of high quality aluminum is up around
10 degrees and down 50 degrees adjustable
a high-quality spelled stopper and two grinding wheels each in the grits
80 hundred and fifty and 42 are already included so that's one
perfectly equipped for all grinding work
In addition, the pet one with 25 liters is prone to prying for with a patch
the connection of a vacuum cleaner
We recommend our body bag strong compact workshop clean CW
Matic
Robson's puzzles with character